Hello everyone and welcome to h tim at level 2.
We finally reached the level of a small section of the course and this section of the Course is really
going to focus on two topics tables and forms.
And overall it's going to consist of a lecture on tables then a table quiz basically allowing you to
practice tables T.M..
Then we'll talk about how to use forms with h t m l.
And finally have an assessment test at the end where you get to practice using forms with the Tamil.
Once we finish this section of course we're going to be ready to dive into CSSA to start styling each
T.M. and a quick note will h tim l may seem pretty basic and possibly boring at sometimes at first we
really needed to build a good foundation for our knowledge later on.
So you can think of this section almost as eating your vegetables before you get to go onto the main
course and then later on dessert OK let's go ahead and get started by talking about tables.
I'll see at the next lecture.